V2 docs (#93)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/v2/text-generation/tools.mdx

---
title: "Tool Use"
slug: "v2/docs/tools"

hidden: false 
description: "This document provides information on single-step and multi-step tool use, including their definitions and applications in workflows. It also includes details on parameters offered by Cohere's tool use functionality and guidance on when to use single-step versus multi-step capabilities."
image: "../../../assets/images/6c1b0e4-cohere_meta_image.jpg"  
keywords: "Cohere, large language models, generative AI"

createdAt: "Wed Apr 24 2024 14:31:28 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
updatedAt: "Fri May 31 2024 16:06:37 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)"
---
Here, you'll find context on [tool use](v2/docs/tool-use).

Tool use capabilities are sometimes referred to as:
 - "function calling" because it uses functions to call external tools that augment the capabilities of large language models.
 - "agents" because it forms the core of many complexworkflows relying on agents. 

> You'll also find additional documentation on the various [types of parameters](v2docs/parameter-types-in-tool-use) offered by Cohere's tool use functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll also find additional documentation on the various [types of parameters](v2/docs/parameter-types-in-tool-use) offered by Cohere's tool use functionality.
```
